9 a.m. in Shanghai, Shenzhen, and here
in Hong Kong, you're watching the China
Show. I'm Yvon Man with MM Low. We're
counting down the open of markets in
greater China. Our top stories this
Friday, Asian stocks fall with Korea
leading losses as the AI rally stalls.
Chip makers bearing the brunt of
investors rotating into broader range of
sectors. Hong Kong ramping up scrutiny
of mainland Chinese clients with some
banks reportedly halting opening
accounts that could be used for overseas
investments. And Asian policy makers
ramping up currency defenses against
elevated energy costs and bets on Fed
rate hikes. Indonesia's Rupia under
growing pressure as government policies
turn investors away.
Well, we made it to the end of the week,
Men, but it seems like right now there
seems to be some cocktail of bad news
that's going on here. Whether it's a
sort of big unwind in some of these chip
players in Korea, and of course, we're
about to get some big inflation numbers
coming through possibly from the
Philippines as well. Yeah, it's the the
Philipp I mean the the Cosby actually
opened right at the get-go really badly,
right? And a lot of it is driven by the
extreme volatility because of the highly
leveraged ETFs we're seeing in Hong Kong
and uh and a big part of it also another
big risk is a potential bok rate hike
which could then increase the pressure
on margin loans as well.
>> Yeah. So there's there there's that
going on, right? This this rotation that
seems to be quite fierce here today. And
then you pair that with what's going on
uh in the data, right? EMFX continues to
be quite under pressure. We're taking a
look at some of this Philippine
inflation numbers. It's just crossing
your Bloomberg here right now. Could be,
you know, better for investors. You take
a look at the 6.8% print for May. So
this is 1% lower than what the median
estimate was for. So perhaps this could
be a little bit more of relief for those
that were concerned that the BSP was
behind the curve, right? But they have
telegraphed before that they might be
continuing on with these rate hikes as
well that they you know if there is some
trends of offcycle rate hikes certainly
that's one thing that we have been uh
thinking about as well. So we'll see
what happens here but this is obviously
seeing a cooling down of prices could be
possibly a good sign. But then again
look what happened in Indonesia
yesterday. Today we have RBI uh with
their rate decision coming up as well
set to stay on hold but then again
anything to commentary around the whole
energy crisis will be quite telling for
the market. Yeah, and we are seeing this
tumble across EM FX, right? It's not
just uh the Philippines peso. It's not
just the Indian rupee, the Indonesian
rupia as well breaching that 18,000
level yesterday. It could continue to go
higher. And you look at the Korean one
as well, close to I think the weakest
levels we had seen since 2009, the
Japanese yen as well. And there's a
question of whether the BOJ is behind
the curve again.
>> Yeah. So there's more speculation about
that. So we're still on intervention
watch. You take a look how risk assets
are doing here today. And we talked
about that that slump that you're seeing
on the Cosby piece. So, we're down close
to 7% in Soul now and getting ever so
close to that 8,000 threshold. Uh S&P
futures are are in the red here. You're
seeing Japan uh doing badly, but not as
bad. But Taiwan coming online and we are
continuing to see red on the screen here
today. Uh we're watching the chip space,
right? Because it was really what
happened with Broadcom. So, we saw what
happened in the after hours. Uh the US
markets opened and we saw a 13% drop
there. after hours continuing as well
that sell off. So, uh we are continuing
to see some of these big chip makers
like Samsung and SKH Highix uh down some
9% here today. Tokyo Electron also down
some seven. So, we're going to talk a
little about that rotation, right?
Because today it's not so much the tech
sector that's that's doing well. It's
more about the cyclicals and the like.
Futures are looking like this in China
here today. You know, perhaps since
we're seeing a bit of a sell-off uh in
in North Asia, does this give catch-up
room for China? Possibly. But we're
still seeing futures in the red here
today. Uh we're talking about 677,
pretty steady for the currency, at least
for now, compared to the rest of EMFX
here today. Dollar is bit up just
slightly. We're still close to 160
levels for Japan. Uh we're seeing still
weakness when it comes to the Juan after
we did see some, you know, strength
after they talked about excessive moves
the one side here and they were ready to
act if they needed to. But yeah, the
peso certainly will be a focus as
markets open up at the bottom of the
hour.
>> Yes. And as the Cosby tumbles and Asian
FX goes on intervention watch, let's
bring in our Bloomberg markets reporter
Anthony Stevens. Uh just talk to us
about what we're seeing in Korea and why
are the moves so violent today?
>> Yeah, so it kind of started in the US
session, right? With the tech sector
falling off a little bit after
Broadcom's kind of soft guidance, right?
It's important to note that it's about
guidance, not about profit. So the kind
of parabolic growth you saw in tech
slowed a bit and that money flowed into
financials. So you had the biggest
outperformance by by financials versus
tech in the year. Now that dynamic is
not very helpful to Asia. Our banking
sector in the region is not as high a
waiting as tech. So you you had the
region on the back foot uh from the
beginning. Now Korea is particularly bad
because leveraged ETFs have crowded out
both the ball market and the cash
selling market. So Koreans uh Koreans
have been buying cash stocks versus
foreigners for a long time, but they
being unable to hedge this because
leverage ETFs have taken up all the
hedging space in Korea. Just to run you
through the math, if Korean leverage ETF
is down uh is the markets down 50% that
leverage ETF goes to zero. So their
their appetite for ball is insatiable.
>> Yeah, that that certainly is one dynamic
of how the ETF market is kind of
changing things. um we have the jobs
report coming out from the US. If we see
another strong number, what does this
mean for dollar? What does this mean for
EMFX?
>> Right? Like we've seen some intervention
statistics over the last couple of weeks
from India and from from Japan and you
know them they put them together.
They've spent more than a hundred
billion dollars in intervention and
gotten absolutely nowhere. Right? This
just shows that the macro is in one
direction. You have a strong jobs
number. We have them having to look for
innovative measures next week. Right? So
India is first off the block. They
they've cut taxes on bond investment.
Indonesia and the Philippines have
entered a rate cycle. So it looks like
Asian FX will have to enter a rate cycle
to rate hike cycle to arrest this slide
in FX and that is something that stock
investors will be very wary about going
in the back end of the year.
>> Anthony, thank you. Anthony Stevens
there from our Bloomer Markets team. Uh
we're watching what goes on in some of
the financials in Hong Kong, the
insurers here this morning. uh as of
course what we saw yesterday here that
was quite a bit of a sell-off uh on
concerns of a report that some banks
have suspended opening bank accounts in
the city for clients in mainland China.
It's the latest reaction to Beijing's
unprecedented crackdown on illegal
crossber trading. Let's bring in our
chief Malaysia correspondent Stephen
Engel on really kind of we continue to
see this crackdown fall and the fallout
from it.
>> Yeah, that's right. And you remember it
was on May 27th that Bloomberg had this
story about uh you know some compliance
checks that are being ordered uh for
wealth accounts uh across on both sides
of the border. Also those brokerages
that the mainland authorities were
saying there were some illicit
unlicensed brokerages that were helping
facilitate crossber flows uh from the
mainland into Hong Kong. Uh and again
we've seen the numbers. I mean we're not
implicating any of these banks but Bank
of China HK reported a 21% surge in
high-end crossber customers in 2025.
HSBC says they saw a roughly 30%
increase in Hong Kong customers since
January 2023 with twothirds of them
identifying as non-resident HSBC one
account customers standard chartered
onboarding 275,000
affluent new to bank customers globally
in 2025 with Hong Kong the biggest
market. I'm just rolling out these
statistics to show you how much money
has been flowing into Hong Kong and a
lot of it allegedly or illicitly has
been coming across the border. Chinese
authorities are obviously concerned
about capital flows at a time of an
unstable Chinese domestic economy. Keep
in mind there is a $50,000 US limit per
person of e of outbound remittances
allowed. But again, they've a lot of
mainland customers have come across the
border or even through banks in mainland
buying insurance policies in Hong Kong.
So that's why insurance companies are
probably being asked to increase their
scrutiny and their compliance. Banks,
you mentioned it, Bank of East Asia
according to SM uh Shanghai branch has
suspended opening of such accounts and
HSBC according to SCMP has warned that
all funds deposited into investment
accounts must comply with Hong Kong
regulations. So it's China and Hong Kong
regulators in lock step right now.
>> So this seems to be an ongoing issue,
right? The issue of capital flight, but
it seems like Beijing is tightening
enforcement right now. How broad do you
think Beijing's crackdown is likely to
be?
>> Yeah, I think that's the key question
because again, we've been reporting this
for a while and again I asked like Ibal
Khan of UBS, the Asia-Pacific Bank chief
here uh at their conference just a week
ago on May 27th and he says, "Well,
obviously we have our compliance. you
know, it's it's watertight. It's it's
very robust. Uh but again, he said it's
most likely the regulatory crackdown
targeting some of the more illicit
players like those specific brokerages.
But is it? That's the big question. I'm
not saying the banks are doing anything
wrong. The question is how far and how
deep is the regulatory crackdown going
to happen? We know what Beijing wants to
stem capital flows, but Hong Kong
regulators seem to be moving in lock
step. SFC, the Securities and Futures
Commission has ordered brokerages to
audit their clients onboarding processes
after the review exposed uh document
forging also weak crossber compliance.
And then the Hong Kong Monetary
Authority also uh ordered the closing of
investment accounts that were opened
with shady documentation or alleged
forgery. So yeah, how deep is this going
to go?
>> We'll see. All right, Steve. Thank you.
Thank you, Stephen Engel. There, our
chief North Asia correspondent on the
latest when it comes to some of the
financials here in Hong Kong. Uh, still
to come, I'm going to talk to one of the
world's foremost authorities when it
comes to balance sheet recessions. Yeah,
we're talking to Richard Coup, Nura
Research Institute chief economist. He's
going to tell us why the Iran war means
conventional assumptions no longer seem
to apply when it comes to the economy.
We're counting down the open of trade in
Shanghai, Shenzhen, and Hong Kong. This
is the China Show.
All right. Uh it is jobs day of course
in the US today. In terms of what we're
expecting, uh the estimate is for about
88 88,000 uh change there in terms of
gains in jobs. So certainly, you know,
if we see more signs of a strong labor
market, what does this mean for this
whole kind of rate height expectations
that continue to be uh increased here?
Of course, as we deal with the energy
shocks around the world, we just saw
Philippine inflation, although you know,
less than expected, but still uh quite
punchy in terms of the numbers. So uh
obviously very high expectations
continue uh in in the US and across the
world here. Joining us now is Richard
Coup, chief economist at Numera Research
Institute and widely recognized for his
work when it comes to balance sheet
recessions and global macroeconomic
trends. Uh Richard, it's a pleasure to
have you on the show. It's a confusing
time I think for for investors when I
talk about you know a fifth of the
world's oil supply essentially has been
shut yet oil still remains below $100
and equity markets continue to edge
higher in some ways barring today. Now
we see that tech has been consolidating
but but what do you how do you make
sense of what's really going on now?
I think there's a kind of divergence
between what might actually happen and
what markets are expecting in that I
think market is expecting that since the
midterm election is coming Donald Trump
will make a deal uh quite soon and o oil
o oil issues will go away but my fear is
that it's not that easy and I say this
because
what kind of deal we're going to get
will be affected by the original deal 10
years ago that Obama put together with
Iranians. And at that time Obama put the
whole world on his side to negotiate
with Iran came up with a package and
Iran accepted it. And at that time there
was a goodwill, there was a trust and
Iranian parliament which had to vote for
this thing uh voted 161 in favor, 59
against. So even though revolutionary
guards was bitterly against this
agreement, it actually went through. But
now that agreement is gone, uh because
Donald Trump took the United States out
of it 2018,
the
parliamentary situation in Iran, if
there is one, I'm afraid that there will
be lot moreers and lot less moderates to
uh push this new agreement forward. And
I think that would make uh reaching of
another agreement much more difficult
than uh it appears on surface.
>> Richard Minman here. So if we really do
not get an imminent agreement, what do
you think is the impact going to be
especially on emerging markets?
Well, you know, yes, emerging market is
the important one and Asia in this area
is the most important of all because all
the oil that was stuck in uh well
staying behind the straight of Homus are
coming in this direction. So, United
States is selfsufficient in oil. Europe
may have other sources but for Asia this
is a very important issue. I see one
positive signs from two days ago and
that is that Donald Trump is now telling
uh Israeli prime minister to be more uh
more moderate or not so bicos against
all the countries around Israel and I
think that's a very big development
because if you look at this whole war it
started with Israeli attack on Iran
February 28th and according to you
uh Secretary of State Rubio, United
States adjusted its schedule based on
that Israeli attack. And so if you're
looking at this from the Iranian side,
it looks like Israel's is the one that's
calling the shots and United States is
just following the U uh Israeli
leadership.
But now uh Mr. Trump is going strong
against Israel to stop the fighting in
Lebanon, stop this aggressions
elsewhere.
uh that may start uh making this
negotiation more workable because Mr.
Trump will then have more room to
negotiate.
>> Richard, have we seen enough economic
damage yet from both sides, whether it's
US, whether it's Iran, for both sides to
want to at least reopen the straight of
Hermuz?
>> Well, uh I haven't been to Iran. I I
never been to Iran so I don't know how
much damage uh Iranians are facing but
of course this part of the world and US
you see uh inflation numbers going
higher oil prices higher and so forth so
yes there's definitely a damage but so
far all the strategic strategic reserves
that were released have kept the
situation from really go going out of
control but as you know a lot of
countries are running out of strategic
strategic reserves and that might cause
problems
uh down the road if this problem is not
resolved uh quickly.
>> Borrowed time.
>> Yeah, borrowed time. I I was going to
ask you about China because we've seen
actually a very steep drop in imports of
oil. Um which some have said is really
kind of shielded the world from an
energy crisis here right now and perhaps
why oil prices are not above 100 right
now. I mean, why do you think we're
we're seeing that? Do you think is it
China tapping into their their stock
piles? I mean, what what's contributing
to this kind of slowdown in in imports,
you think?
>> Well, uh I don't know how much to trust
those numbers, but
>> China at least have access to Russian
oil. And you know, all depends on how
the deal is made. If you remember uh
just a year ago until just about a year
ago, China was buying huge quantities of
Russian oil at elevated prices kind of
trying to help uh Mr. Putin. Then they
reduced the uh purchase of Russian oil
under US pressure around October,
November of last year. But now with this
uh shortage of oil, I wouldn't be
surprised if
>> Chinese were increasing their uh Russian
imports and some some indicators suggest
that that is actually happening.
>> We're still seeing at least the US
economy seems to be chugging along fine,
right? But we're waiting the payroll's
numbers uh tomorrow. What is your
expectation of the Fed's uh rate hike
outlook?
Well, I'll be surprised if this uh
if Fed is still on the path to lower
interest rates, I think that's
completely out of the picture. Whether
they can actually raise rates, you know,
we those of us who worked at the central
bank, myself included, we all thought
that if it's a temporary thing, we don't
respond. If it's a long-term thing, of
course, we have to respond. And as long
as people believe that this is a
temporary uh increase in oil prices and
that we're going to have a deal soon,
then of course Fed will probably stay
put. But as negotiations gets longer and
uh more difficult you know Mr. Trump
said this is going to be over in a few
days at the very very beginning then
becomes two to three weeks and he
repeated that two to three weeks very
many times. Now, we don't know how long
this is going to take. And he's even
saying he's in no hurry. And so, what
that suggests to me is that this may
actually be a much longer process. It
could get entrenched.
And if that happens, of course, the Fed
will not want to appear behind the
curve.
>> Yeah. And and what's emerged in all this
is that the dollar seems to be gaining
its king status. Once again, Richard,
I'm talking about dollar yen at 160. you
know, is is a rate hike the the only way
from the BOJ to kind of stem these
declines in the yen? You know, are there
other or do you foresee more
intervention from officials there?
>> Well, intervention is already in the
cards, right? And they have been pretty
active about that since the Japanese
golden week uh holidays about 3 four
weeks ago. But Japan, the Bank of Japan
is really behind the curve on inflation.
uh if you just look at the CPI numbers,
they they may not appear all that bad,
but if you're living in Japan and you go
to the supermarket, the food prices are
going skyhigh,
uh 20 30% higher than before. And so
that is affecting Japanese living
standards because even though you know
you you don't put all your income on
food, at least for advanced countries
like Japan, it does hurt every day
because you have to do the shopping
every day. And as a result that has hurt
the Japanese consumer confidence and
it's one of the reason why Japanese
economy hasn't done as well as it it
could have done and that all comes from
weaken Japan impose huge quantity of
food stuffs from around the world and so
even within bank of Japan there are
voices increasing voices that uh bank of
Japan is behind the curve and if you
remember uh Scott Bessen the US treasury
has been saying that bank of Japan is
behind behind the curve since last year.
And so all these forces I think are
coming together to push Bank of Japan to
uh correct this current situation that
it is behind the curve and it is
affecting the Japanese economy in a
negative way.
>> Richard, it's a pleasure to have you on
the show. Richard Coo there, chief
economist at Numeura Research Institute.
I just want to recap of course the the
inflation numbers that we got out of the
Philippines just a few moments ago. So
it was a 6.8% uh in May. So inflation
did ease uh last month, but we are
hearing from officials here talking a
little bit more about they recognize
that price pressures remain elevated and
here they're looking at continuing
targeted measures to stabilize prices.
So this is according to the economic
planning agency in a statement here this
morning. We got plenty more ahead. We're
checking of course bank stocks here in
Hong Kong. uh pre-market is doing this
right now extending those declines that
we saw yesterday on the back of those
crossber curves and concerns around the
sector. This is Bloomberg.
Can you continue to track that sell-off
when it comes to some of the bank stocks
here in Hong Kong? We saw quite a bit of
a drop yesterday here on reports of
maybe tightener regulatory scrutiny when
it comes to mainland investors opening
bank accounts here. Of course, part of a
wider crackdown here when it comes to
Capital Flight and the like here and
actually we are seeing continued
downside when it comes to the likes of
HSBC and Stan Chart. We're down some 2%
or so. Although what you hear from the
sell side is that perhaps what we're
seeing so far and the market reaction
may be a bit overdone. Insurance players
continue to see downside as well.
Credentials down some 4% here in the
pre-market as well. We'll have the open
coming up next. This is Bloomberg.
Welcome back. You're watching the China
show. We're kind of on the open of
markets on this Friday and we continue
to see risk assets under a bit of
pressure here today. The Cosby certainly
is feeling it a lot. Uh just given what
we've been seeing with some of these
chip makers. So the Broadcom story
continues and the fallout there. And
then you add what's going on here in
Hong Kong with the financials and the
the steep drops that we saw yesterday on
these reports about, you know, tighter
regulatory scrutiny when it comes to
mainland investors opening bank accounts
here.
>> Yeah. So certainly the banking stocks
are under pressure here in Hong Kong,
but it's a different story in the US,
right? We did see the rotation for the
history books. Really huge rotation out
of the tech stocks into some of these
banking and financial stocks in the US.
And we're seeing some Korean financial
stocks also doing pretty well. although
they're waiting on the index is really
not uh big enough to offset some of the
big declines we're seeing in the likes
of Samsung and SK Highix. But take a
look at how we are opening on the
mainland Chinese markets and as expected
tracking what we're seeing in the rest
of the region. A bit of red here on the
screen. Uh we are looking at actually a
bit of a bounce when it comes to some of
these uh consumption names though.
Quato, Maai and Middaya. Uh even some of
the banking names, merchant banks,
Pingan insurance. We have Steve Engel
here just now talking about how that uh
mainland Chinese uh government scrutiny
over these uh outbound investments by
individual investors. So far it doesn't
seem to be making a dent on some of
these onshore banks and insurance
companies. Uh the offshore banks though
are quite badly hit. But you take a look
at uh Shanghai crude for example, we are
seeing a bit of relief coming through.
It seems like markets continue to be
hooked on this idea that we might be
close to that truce between Iran uh and
the US even though we are seeing these
uh resumption of sporadic fighting and
Hzbollah not really agreeing to that
ceasefire that was declared by the US
right the ceasefire between uh Lebanon
and Israel. You take a look at Camcon as
well down by 1.6% tracking again what we
saw in in Korea and Japan when it comes
to the chips sell off. uh you flip the
board and take a look at Hong Kong uh
and what's happening there and uh yes we
are seeing again a bit of a rebound here
when it comes to some of these big tech
names right the large caps here 10 cent
pu Alibaba uh doing fairly well so quite
a bifocation if you compare what's
happening in mainland uh in Hong Kong
tech versus what's happening in Korea
and perhaps you know some analysts are
saying that there is still some room for
uh Hong Kong tech to continue gaining
right it's a bit late to this AI rally
and perhaps you know still some some
legs there for that to to go. HSBC down
by 1.5%
uh I believe 1 point is it 1% or 1.5 yes
1.5% uh and uh yes this is the story
about that banking regulator regulatory
crackdown especially affecting some of
those crossborder investments when it
comes to high netw worth individuals uh
that are banking with HSBC dollar pretty
flat at 677 per dollar and the UN
continues to be this safe heaven haven
currency at least in Asia against this
backdrop where you have a lot of these
EM currencies under pressure today. Uh
take a look at some of the movers uh
that we're watching in China. Let's see
how the Chinese chip stocks are doing.
And yes, it is tracking what we are
seeing in Korea, right? Uh big drops
here when it comes to Huah Hong, SMIC,
uh some of the chip making uh chip
equipment makers like Nara Technology as
well seeing declines of about 3 to 4%.
The uh Infoch index also down by 3%. Uh
and also a quick check at some of these
Korean ETFs traded in Hong Kong. The
leverage ETFs, this has been the major
driver down by 15% for SK High. This is
what's driving the volatility that we
are seeing on the Korean Cosby today,
right? Huge um uh leverage ETF that is
unwinding right now.
>> Yeah, these single name ETFs, right?
That is shaking up uh the broader
markets in some ways. So that you
continue to see that volatility there
and that unwind of double digits uh
losses here. Uh the inflation numbers
out of the Philippines was better than
expected but we're still talking about
6.8% print. So uh still elevated
although you are seeing a bit of relief
uh when it comes to the peak comp here
as well. Banks are also doing a little
bit better but yes uh they did talk a
little bit more about how they're going
to do more targeted measures when it
comes to stabilizing prices and the BSP
has already talked about here about how
they are ready to to hike if they need
to. right now. So, uh, bit of relief
when it comes to the Indonesian numbers,
you could say. Uh, we'll see what RBI
does, right, when they do meet later on
today. Expected to hold though. But yes,
Indonesia markets are just about to open
the top of the mark the hour here and
certainly uh that market continues to be
royd as well. Joining us now is Ken
Wong, Asian equity portfolio specialist
at Eastring Investments. We talk about
this this unwind in Korea.
>> Y
>> that, you know, it was ferocious the way
up and it seems like it's been parabolic
the way down as well.
>> Is this a dip to buy? um opportunities.
Yeah. The fact is is that you know since
April 8th we've seen a fairly strong
rally. Um the fact is is that you got to
be a bit more selective. The fact
overall is is that semiconductors and
memory has done very well. But at the
same time electronic components have you
know some of them have done quite well.
Some of the electronic material makers
the fact is is when you look at an AI
server you know there's a lot of other
pieces that go into specifically what
goes into an AI server. And so I think
it's going to be important, you know, to
see kind of how you go within, let's
say, even the IT index and even
specifically within the IT sector.
There's a lot of subindustries that you
can invest in. So I think looking at the
right opportunities is going to be
important at least over the next uh few
weeks.
>> So you're saying picking other stocks
aside from the the heavily concentrated
ones in Korea. Correct. What about in
China? Because we are seeing some of
these uh chip names that are really not
doing as well as what we are seeing in
Korea, Japan, Taiwan. Yes. um what is
driving this gap and is there room for
for the Chinese tech names to catch up?
>> Again, a lot of those names are Asia
names, right? And the fact is is that
there's still somewhat under
represented. The fact is is that a lot
of global investors still continue when
they do like to buy semicon or memory,
they focus on Korea and then there's
opportunities in Taiwan, that's usually
where they go to. I think this is one
area that we see in the second half of
the year where specifically investors
especially if valuations are getting
quite high in places like Taiwan and in
Korea especially around the semiccon and
memory then some of these Chinese ashare
names are also great opportunities and
more so we're also seeing a bit of a I
would say a bit of a correction sector
rotation where not necessarily we're
seeing people going into it over the
last week and more into TMTs right the
fact is is that the TMT sector has been
underappreciated at least over the last
you know 8 to 12 months. The fact is is
that they have underperformed quite
significantly. I say that this is also a
good opportunity for those investors
looking to buy some of those names
specifically you know at a much more
attractive valuations today.
>> You're still you're underweighting
Taiwan though. What what's the
reasoning?
>> Okay, so that's within our tech sector
specific portfolio. So in particular,
you know, Taiwan, you have a very couple
of the large heavyweights and then
thereafter there's a lot of the other
smaller component makers. So because if
you're not having large exposures to a
couple of the larger names, this is also
a very good representation as to why we
would have a slight underweight, you
know, and this is also why we're
overweighting China. It is those China
Asshare names, those specifically
hardware providers that has not, you
know, sort of hasn't seen the love.
Yeah,
>> I would say that you know some of their
Korean counterparts or Taiwan
counterparts have had.
>> I think our team was speaking to some
traders and they're saying the biggest
trade in Asia now is to sell Indonesia.
What's your outlook on on EM equities
right now?
>> Yeah, I think overall this is a uh a
very difficult situation because a lot
of the EM equities especially here in
Asia if this year they didn't have any
exposure towards it
>> chances are overall performance would
not be good. But then at the same time,
you know, with any meaningful correction
potentially, you might start to see some
of that flow going back into some of
these EM countries that have
significantly underperformed or those
specifically, you know, who have had
very little AI exposure. And, you know,
for some investors who, you know, might
be, you know, wanting to be moving
slightly a little bit off of some of
these AI names, then this might be areas
where they might go to. So places like
Indonesia or places like India, those
could be two areas where investors might
start to look for some opportunities in
the second half of the year.
>> So I mean the fact that we really
haven't seen the inflation concerns
really change the whole AI capex spend
>> correct
>> in any ways. I mean how long do you
think we could see that sort of earnings
visibility when it comes to this whole
buildout of AI?
>> The Asian suppliers are still going to
benefit.
>> Okay. This is I think this is going to
be something that a lot of investors are
really carefully looking at. The fact is
is that as long as AI capex continues to
grow.
>> Yeah.
>> The suppliers and the manufacturers here
whether it be in Taiwan, in South Korea,
in China, in Japan, they're still going
to continue to benefit. I think what's
going to be more important is, you know,
in the second half of the year with
inflation, is that going to really force
interest rates to go up?
>> Yeah. if they do specifically, how is
that going to impact on overall capital
expenditure over the next couple of
years? This is something that a lot of
investors should be mindful of. So, if
interest rates remain at current levels,
I think we're, you know, sort of in a in
a fairly good opportunity set in terms
of AI capex continue to grow at a fairly
robust pace.
>> But the concern is if interest rates do
uh go up, then what's going to come with
AI capex? I mean aside from the
fundamentals of this these companies
which are obviously very strong but do
you think positions are a bit overheated
I mean some analysts are saying we could
be seeing the bubble burst next year
>> valuations aren't really telling us that
this is the case right if we look at
Asian IT stocks in general they're
trading roughly around 30 times earnings
>> okay US IT stocks are trading more
closer to 40 plus times earnings so yes
they are getting more expensive compared
to where they were let's say 6 months
ago. But if we look at if earnings
continue to grow and we've seen
constantly positive earnings provisions
in places like South Korea, in Taiwan,
even in China as share space with the
tech names. So as long as earnings
continue to grow at a fairly robust
pace, there's isn't really a reason why,
you know, sort of people should be
concerned about, you know, overall is PE
valuations getting a bit high. We are
higher relative to where we were 6
months ago. But of course, if earnings
continue to grow at a robust pace, we
think that there's still opportunities.
I
>> is there a trade that balances all this
the bar, you know, people look at
income, people look at value. I mean, is
is there room in a portfolio to still
have some protection?
>> Definitely, right? We always talk about
divers diversification, right?
Diversification is always going to be
important. So, the growth trade has done
very well. EM Asia especially when you
look at kind of the north EM Asia has
done very well this year around growth
but then let's say if people do start to
rotate out and people start to look more
at fundamentals again this is really
where the value the income trades do
come back and this is also why we talk
to investors all the time say you can't
only be in growth you need to be
diversified have a bit of income have a
bit of value
>> where is the best income play now in
Asia you think
>> there's I mean there's a lot of
different areas within financials
there's utilities plays there's still a
lot of countries every single Asian
countries still have a lot of income
opportunities you know China here in
Hong Kong there's plenty of you know
stocks which are still paying fairly
good income especially if you know you
think things might cool down slightly so
then that's where people want to maybe
have a bit more of an income and then of
course value right the fact is is that
you know growth can only outperform for
so long and then there's sometimes is a
bit of a correction and then that's
really when value stock starts to uh you
know outperform
>> Ken thank you so much pleasure to have
you on our show Ken Wong That was the
Asia equity portfolio specialist at
Espring Investments. Coming up, more on
China's unprecedented crossber trading
crackdown and the fallout for banks and
insurers in Hong Kong. Analysis next
with Bloomberg Intelligence. This is the
China shop.
All right, quick look at some of these
banking and financial stocks in Hong
Kong. And most of them are traded lower
today down about 4% when it comes to
credential. And this is really because
of that crossber crackdown when it comes
to outbound investments by individuals
and that is hitting some of the uh
crossber investment especially for high
net worth individuals when it comes to
the wealth management business for
companies like HSBC for example sources
saying that the bank is now suspending
bank accounts held by mainland Chinese
clients and the same thing for ANA AIA
and credential right they get about a
fifth of their clients from mainland
Chinese travelers buying into those
insurance. Yeah, let's bring in our team
and get more on the impact on what this
means. Uh, Bloomberg Intelligence,
senior analyst for banking and fintech,
Francis Chan, is with us along with, of
course, our insurance analyst for Asia,
Steven Lamb. Francis, I'll start with
you. Wealth management, I mean, it's
clearly the growth engine for both banks
like HSBC and Stanshart.
>> But, but break down the numbers for us.
Just how heavily reliant are they on
Asia and specifically when it comes to
Hong Kong and China?
>> Yeah. Uh, we we just take HSBC as an
example. uh well it has about u uh$1.6
trillion US dollars of well balance at
the end of last year. uh in fact uh uh
twothird of them uh comes from Asia and
I I'm sure more than half of them should
be generated from Hong Kong given Hong
Kong is its largest wealth hop and if we
take a look of the uh new money uh
flowing into the wealth balance uh in
which 86 billion US uh uh last year and
and I reckon maybe the the portion uh
from this region or even Hong Kong uh
could be uh 60 70% at least based on
their announcement or the disclosure for
standard chart that we see very very
similar trends. Uh they have 450 billion
uh dollars of uh uh wealth balance or or
uh the uh AUM under their wealth
management business and and they they
generate 50 billion uh you know uh new
new money new inflow uh to the group and
and I think uh uh 50% plus could be
coming from Asia and Hong Kong China.
Uh Francis, so given that both banks saw
wealth revenues surging by over 20% last
year, will this new scrutiny put a
sudden break on that momentum?
>> Yeah. Uh that that would be uh a twofold
question I reckon. uh in fact uh uh if
we look at the wealth fees uh as far as
uh I know or how the industry has
understood uh much of the wealthies
coming from transactions uh new
purchases of products in fact uh the
existing client pool contribute almost
of those fees at the very least in 2025
and first quarter and and uh you're
talking about the new accounts yes uh in
long-term it helps the accumulation of a
wealth uh balance or deposit balance for
the banks. Uh but if you talk about a
really really near-term or mid-term
impact uh we are talking about the 1.6
trillion uh of wealth balance for HSBC
as a group uh they they have already got
a huge base uh to to have the
circulation of new products to the
existing clients. Uh I do expect a tiny
bit of slowdown for their wealth income.
uh but I don't think uh it may be
significant and and you can take
reference to uh how the investors are
viewing this. Yeah,
>> Stephen for the insurance read through I
mean we saw what happened with the stock
of AIA credential. I mean these are
insurance companies that rely on a lot
of mainland investors to come here to
Hong Kong to buy insurance products.
What impact do you see?
>> Yeah, I think it's I mean clearly it's
naive to say that there's zero impact to
these companies but I think uh we need
to put things into perspective, right?
So a few points I want to point out.
Number one is it's it's it's not that we
have not seen that before, right? Way
back in 10 years ago, 10 odd years ago,
we already have this clamp down on Union
Pay by swiping cards and we have this
$50,000 US limit. So that's point number
one. Point number two, I think it's it's
very important is that the insurance
products are very different from these
sort of investment vehicles that you
know the private wealth management or
the trading accounts that we're talking
about. These are really sort of life
insurance, health insurance protection.
It's not for speculation, right? So I
think regulators will need to have that
mindset in terms of what they're barring
you know people. So I don't think it's
very clear that they're not barring
people from buying insurance policies.
What these sort of narrative have
created is eventually uh a little bit of
a choke point in terms of the capital
flow because you still need money to
purchase these policies, right? So but I
think the broader question is you know
we can throw some numbers out here right
say let's say 20% of the uh MCV uh
business impact to AIA credential
whatnot. Now that is only that part of
the segment right but AIA credential and
the other life insurance companies
operate regionally
so if money doesn't come to Hong Kong it
will go somewhere else
>> to Singapore is that
>> it may go to Singapore right and these
guys also have mainland China business
onshore so if people are not buying in
Hong Kong where do they buy right so
that's another point so last but not the
least I think um you know I don't want
to sound too optimistic but these money
that are banned from Futu and Tiger,
right? These are sizable money.
>> Yeah.
>> If they're not doing, you know, stock
investments, what is the next sort of
pecking order?
>> I think people can sort of figure it
out, you know, by themselves in terms
of, but I can give you the size and
scope, right?
>> These amount I think I think there's a
big number being thrown out, say 40
billion US. Yeah.
>> Okay.
>> If you put that into perspective of the
Hong Kong new premiums, that's already
like 80% of that. Yeah,
>> of course not all of that, right? But a
fraction of it may come down. So I think
in totality um there will be some sort
of knee-jerk reaction in terms of
investor sentiment. But I think we
really need to you know go with what's
actually really happening. So the
capital flow it is a concern I have to
say but a lot of the high net worth
money are already outside of China
>> based on my understanding. Yeah
>> Francis I mean we talked about the
knee-jerk reaction. We're continuing
that for another day across some of
these banking stocks. HSBC, AIA are
falling once again. Um how do you think
investors are reading this? Do you think
it it's mostly priced in or or is there
more pain ahead?
>> Well um I think yesterday in the London
trading session uh HSBC and standard
charter stocks they have been down five
to 6%. So what you're seeing now at the
very least we see the share losses they
narrow. uh I I suspect more and more
investors they might come to conclusion
as uh I I explained earlier uh much of
the wealthies the incremental growth
could be coming from existing portfolio
existing client pool uh although the uh
in long-term uh more should be welcome
from uh uh new accounts opening for for
mainland investors or mainland
depositors but uh uh in in short term or
in even midterm uh we we have
accumulated a mass uh of of wealth
balance for these banks uh to to
continue uh growing their wealth
business. I think my point would be very
similar to Stevens and and uh we should
not be you know too pessimistic at least
from the uh wealth uh management
business point of view.
>> Jents thank you. Uh that was Francis
Chan there are Bloomberg Intelligence
senior analyst for banking and fintech
as well as Steven Lamb Bloomberg
Intelligence's Asia-Pacific insurance
analyst. And it's perfect timing that
we're having Bloomberg Invest, right?
We're going to look closer at the future
of Hong Kong as a financial hub and
China's gateway to international
markets. Next week at Bloomberg Invest
Hong Kong, we'll be speaking to
financial secretary Paul Chen, Hong Kong
Exchanges CEO Bonnie Chan, and the CFOs
of BU and Lenovo. But before that, you
don't want to miss the China show on
Monday. We got a special episode that
we're drumming up for you. cross collab
with the China show and the odd lots
host Tracy Aloway and Joe Wisenthal will
be here in Hong Kong with us on the
show. You don't want to miss that one.
This is Bloomberg.
Yes, we are kind of like AI in a very
surreal environment.
Frankly, I I don't think about that. No,
it's hard not to,
>> but no, just focus on fundamentals,
create value, and stop thinking about
your stock price. Trouble is very hard
to do that.
>> That was the Broadcom CEO Hawk Tan
speaking exclusively at the Bloomberg
Tech Summit in San Francisco. And let's
take a look at some of the Broadcom
suppliers here in Asia. Uh after the
overnight slide of about 12% or so when
it comes to Broadcom in the US session,
but here uh TSMC and some of these
suppliers here largely uh seeing some
downsides here and especially it's also
showing up when it comes to the the big
tech stocks in Korea, right? Like
Samsung and SKH Highix as well, Ivonne.
>> Yeah. So obviously there that side of
this the the this broadcom story, but
then you take a look at what you know
what's getting hammered. It's really
going to be, you know, the broader chip
sector here today. Take a look what's
going on in Korea and the like. Um we're
going to kind of look a little bit more
outward here and look at Lululemon
suppliers in Asia after the company did
cut it out cut its outlook. They're
adding pressure to of course the
incoming CEO. Um so they lower the
annual forecast because of detering
performance when it comes to North
America. So some of them are lower here
this morning. Broad markets in China
looking like this here broadly speaking
relatively looking a bit better than the
rest of of Asia here today. CSI 300 now
back in positive territory.
Welcome back to the China show. Here's a
look at the CSI 300. A half hour into
the session. Sunny skies in Shanghai
here today. It seems like we are now
back to I guess better territory. We're
back above water when it comes to that
benchmark here. We're flat when it comes
to MSEI China as well. But relatively
speaking, doing a little bit better,
right? But if you look under the hood
and you see, you know, there is some
quite a bit of rotation that's going on
across these markets, right? When you
talk about what's going on with these
even AI peer plays as well, even those
are getting smacked here this morning
like Miniax Jupu which have been the
favorites of course uh in the AI trade
in China. Miniaax is down close to 9 and
a half% and really kind of following
some of the fallout from we're seeing
when it comes to the chip makers in
Korea which is dragging the costby lower
here today. So SKH is down another 6 and
a half%. The Broadcom story certainly
has another day another uh headwind for
for the for Asia side of things here. So
that's what you're seeing here today.
You add that to of course what we're
seeing across the financials where you
know the rest of the world actually you
are seeing these cyclical plays play out
and actually banks are doing quite well
with the exception of what you're seeing
in Hong Kong uh given this this
regulatory scrutiny when it comes to
mainland investors offshore investments.
So that's continuing to hurt the likes
of HSBC uh some of the insurance plays
here in Hong Kong today. Uh here's what
EM is looking like across Asia. So,
Indonesia continued to be under a bit of
pressure, although marginal losses at
the get-go here. Of course, we're
watching very closely their currencies.
Look at the peak comp though. Seems to
be a bit of relief on those inflation
numbers after they were they came out
much weaker than expected, right? But
still a punchy 6.8%. So, we'll see what
the BSP is looking at when it comes to
future rate hikes and the like, but
you're starting to see look at Clearan
Juan continues to be the underperformer
here and weakening now more than 1%.
We're at that 1,550 level uh for the
dollar one. So certainly it seems like
this follow that we're seeing this
unwind that we're seeing in some of
these chip plays that continues to royal
uh really the the currency here this
morning. Rem seems to be pretty solid
here. 160 still levels around dollar
yen. And yes, we're back to around that
18,000 level when it comes to the rupia.
So that is still I think near uh or at
record lows right now. PE comp actually
is gaining uh I should say when it comes
to the peso is actually gaining here
this morning as well. So certainly
there's still that intervention risk
that we're seeing across EMFX given just
what we've been seeing the trajectories
of all these currencies with the yen the
one the rupia and the rupee. Uh keep in
mind RBI is also expected to come out
with a decision later on today as well
expected to hold given that inflation is
still okay in that economy but looking
for commentary what they're going to say
about the currency in particular. Let's
bring in our team now. Chief
correspondent for FX and rates in Asia,
Ruth Carson joining us from Singapore.
And we have Anthony Stevens. He's still
with us here in Hong Kong. Anthony, I'll
start with you. I mean, we see the
unwind in Korea. FX continues to be
royal. I mean, what what really is kind
of top of mind for you on how long this
kind of unfolds?
>> Yeah, like the cyclical rotation that we
saw in the US doesn't really benefit us
uh in Asia to quite the same extent. You
know, you see Korea is the banks and the
insurers are actually very strong in
Korea, but that doesn't help the index
with tech such a big part of the index.
Same thing you see in Taiwan. Uh tech is
weak, banks are strong, but net net the
index is weak. Japan and China are
slightly different where the banking
sector is strong enough and as big a
part of the index to help things
overall. So you see the topics is almost
flat and as you touched on CSI 300 is
flat
>> helped by the strength of the mega
banks. So we we are going into this uh
period where index moves are going to be
like kind of contingent on sector
rotation and that's a dynamic investors
have to really get used to. Now on a
macro perspective, Asian FX is starting
to bleed into concern in the equity
space. So the Korean wand is becoming a
real concern because if you net out in
US dollars, the Korean market is down
anywhere from 5 to 8% at the lows today.
So the FX is becoming a much more punchy
part of your equity returns. the the
Chinese do not have this problem because
it is the strongest most solid FX in the
emerging market space.
>> Explain to me again about what's going
on in in Korea because you know this
unwind that we're seeing is quite
violent. What what is it really that
hard to hedge right now when it comes to
this market? The dollar notionals have
to be put into context, right? Over, you
know, a period of a couple of months,
Korean leverage ETFs have become amongst
the biggest ETF products in history,
right? And certainly amongst the biggest
leverage single name ETFs ever created.
Now, the notionals that need to be
hedged if you have double or triple the
returns of a four or 5% move, those
things are massive and they're starting
to bleed into the options market as
these products look for protection. that
is crowding out anybody else's ability
to to protect themselves. So, Korea
faces what is called a short gamma gap
on the way down. There's no one that is
going to buy if there is an unwind sell.
And we did see some of that messiness
right on open, right? You saw the market
just gap and go down seven. Now, we're
starting to see a bit more rationality,
but Korea is definitely going to get
more messy as time goes by.
>> Ruth, uh, I'm going to get you and talk
a little bit more about Indonesia
because we're still talking about 18,000
for the Rupia here right now. There
seems to be this theme of sell Indonesia
which is becoming a more of a popular
strategy across some trading desks. What
are you hearing about further rupia
weakness from here?
>> Yeah, absolutely. Take your pick.
Whether it's the rupia um innation
stocks or even bonds, you're seeing
pressure everywhere. But definitely the
clearest indication of investor anxiety
when it comes to investing in Indonesia
is coming up in the rupia. We are seeing
dollar rupee out at about 18,000. But if
we look at what options markets are
signaling, you know, where do you catch
a falling knife? Um, you know, options
traders are assigning around a 40 odd%
chance that dollar rupee would trade at
19,000
by December. You know, push it out to a
year 20,000 per dollar is possible. So
definitely a lot of pressure here in
Indonesia, most acutely in Europe.
and and tell us about I mean there's so
many different challenges uh that are
happening in this in this market. How
big a role does politics play in all
this and and really the current PBOa
administration's policies have a play
here in really denting the sentiment?
>> Yeah, absolutely. When it comes to
investing in any emerging market,
politics often play a big role. Can you,
you know, fully have confidence in a
particular administration's policy? Now
in Indonesia's case we have seen
investors increasingly worried about
everything from you know um growth
targets through to also things like for
example transparency and it's also not
helping uh when it comes to you know
communication but also what index
providers like MSEI have done um in
terms of you know uh warnings about the
status of the nation's stocks or in fact
also on on the sovereign rating site. So
it is a cocktail of factors. Politics
definitely weighs in a big way uh when
it comes to denting that investor
sentiment on investing in in Asia.
>> Yeah, at least today the JCI is doing a
little bit better, but certainly
continue to watch uh what happens with
the currency. Thanks Ruth. Our chief
correspondent for FX and rates in Asia,
Ruth Carson. Also thanks to our market
reporter Anthony Stevens there. Uh we're
also looking ahead to of course that
rate decision coming through from India
later on. the RBI wildly expected to
retain of course that neutral stance and
really holding that rate at 5 and a/4%.
Inflation does remain below that 4%
target for now for the central bank. Uh
it is though beginning to pick up when
it comes to higher fuel and food prices
of course due to this Iran war. Um we
also talk about the currency right
that's going to be very much in focus
here. It's really hit record lows since
this war began. Uh we have some lines
crossing here when it comes to uh
President Xi Jinping. So it seems to be
confirmed now that the Chinese president
is going to be visiting North Korea uh
in few days June 8th to 9th for the
first time since 2019.
So that date has been confirmed here. Of
course this is after of course China
opened the the welcome sort of um mat I
guess you could say for President Trump.
uh a lot of leaders that have come uh in
and out of China here and of course uh
we are talking a little bit more about
the the Russian president Vladimir Putin
that also went to Beijing shortly after
Trump was there and the next stop seems
to be uh for President Xi to speak with
Kim Jong-un. So certainly uh we'll see
what happens and what comes out over the
weekend uh from that meeting. Coming up
we're going to hear why BOC
International sees a return of broad
macroeconomic confidence in China. The
chief strategist Chennel Fay joins us
next. This is Bloomberg.
All right, checking markets in Hong Kong
as well as in China here today and we
are seeing the CSI 300 uh actually
seeing a bit of a bright spot here. So,
we're seeing gains about a tenth of 1%
in Shanghai. It's not much, but this is
really against what the grain here of
where we are seeing continue unwind in
Korea, although we're off some of the
initial lows in the Cosby. Hang Sang is
also marginally lower here this morning.
And the currency uh you know has been
pretty steady of late 67748 here this
morning. Let's bring in Chanel Fay,
chief strategist and head of research at
BOC International. I I want to get the
title from your mid2026
strategy report.
>> Okay. acceleration post inflection to
steady throttle on entry. I don't know
what that means. Can you explain to me?
>> It's like a metaphor. We are thinking
about the China economy like driving a
car,
>> right? When you want to turn the
direction, you need to slow down first
and then when you try to change your
direction, you may push your gas a
little bit, right? And then when you're
on the right track, you may try to keep
the steady throttle instead of keep
acceleration.
>> That's the idea. That's why in the very
beginning of this year we believe the
CPI PPI turnaround will be earlier than
expected. Uh at that time a lot of
expectation believe the inflation
turnaround will be in second half next
year.
>> Yeah.
>> Which is still far away.
>> Then the Iran war happened.
>> Yeah. Then people say okay it's imported
inflation.
>> So our point is first of all based on
our analysis the imported one accounts
for less than 20%.
>> It's just like a trigger.
>> Yeah. Like in Japan, the important
inflation is is a very good trigger,
right? And then the unified national
market, they try to curb the homogeneous
fierce competition.
>> Yeah.
>> Actually makes a large part of the
reasons
>> as well as the government or sorry the
maybe the uh policy
makers this year decide to support
specific industries. So that may also
helps the inflation turn around a little
bit. So why inflation is so important?
Because that change people's sentiments
a lot.
>> Yeah.
>> So in terms of that we say even imported
inflation is good because like I mean
then it seems to be a very K-shaped
economy right where you start to see
exports and this whole AI boom it is
helping this engine.
>> Yeah.
>> But consumption remains weak in some
ways. Can can this K-shaped economy
continue even if reflation is quite
narrow right now? We think the K shape
is good because that helps to facilitate
the allocation of the resources
right and I would say um this year the
second observation we want to highlight
is the government is scale back a little
bit the direct consumption
>> subsidies right because consumption
subsidies the value chain is short
>> the multiples is not that large so the
government if they spend $1 to subsidize
ize into the new economy the effect the
multiply effect will be much much
larger. So we need to be patient and
wait for the transmission
>> the feed into consumptions instead of
direct
>> effect to consumption you
>> effect income effect that that may takes
time.
>> So the K shape will last a little bit
longer. um whether it would narrow we we
don't think that will be the major
concern for us as well as we believe for
the position uh decision makers.
>> So we believe we need a patient we need
to have confident and then we need the
feed feed uh feed up the uh the the the
the pass through the transmission effect
that that that takes time.
Do you see any signs of this you know
export boom related to AI you know you
know losing steam in any way or do you
think that this this has some runway
>> I think that was a that's a very long
runway
>> um I used to be actually a TMT analyst
>> kind of lucky yeah you know when
>> when the telecom is a is a bad sector I
was a telecom analyst
>> and then they got internet suddenly I
cover BAT
>> so six stocks I cover accounts for maybe
90% of the trading volume every year. So
um my experience is like old upward
trend takes 10 20 years right
>> but now this AI trend I think is more
profound it's definitely more profound
but it last like
>> how many years at most five years right
>> and then the funny things when looking
into the telecom bubble or the so-called
internet bubble at the very end of the
bubble you will see like one or two
years no correction
>> well for this AI every year we have two
corrections
every year. One correction we call like
a mediumsiz correction about like 10%.
The other is like 20%. Very very big
like we call the pullback for entry,
right? But every time you hesitate, you
do the entry and they'll ask when's the
next time for the pullback.
>> Yeah.
>> So I would say it's it's definitely very
very far away from the so-called
like bubble or whatever. It's still far
away.
>> There's there's a bit of dispersion,
right? When you take a look at the AI
cycle in China where the hyperscalers
although they have the full stack they
have the ecosystem with you know 1
billion users
>> the investors are not quite moving
tilting towards these names it's more
the right can that divergence continue
you think the outperformance in terms of
the minia maxes the jupoos and the in
the
>> I will say there's two kind of
dispersions the first is old economy
versus new economy right so that's why
in the first quarter this year the
results shows the new economy related
industries register about like 22%.
>> Yeah,
>> we are lucky to ride on the top in in
our four year forecast. So it's run rate
is very healthy
>> for the old economy sectors still grow
8%. Yeah,
>> y
>> so this is the first time we see
earnings increase in the last three
years
>> but there's a dispers right but whether
will all the economy catch up because of
you said the consumption is slow
properties is slow
>> in the first three days of this week we
see property numbers is not that good
>> even in Shanghai right and the retail is
sluggish as well yeah
>> so we don't think that gap will will
converge okay
>> okay
>> and then the second diverg just is as
you said we have like tenscent or we
have Alibaba whatever right this is tech
names they have AIDC they have models as
well
>> but why their stock price is like a
whether that kind of convergence will
happen
>> what we believe is for some names we do
expect
>> there's a narrative that some of these
AI plays in China are are it's harder to
make money compared to the US what's the
other side of that you're saying that
earnings is actually
>> it's not the case because when we when I
first cover telecom China telecom market
cap 75% of the US peers then we we we
joke oh in in our career life whether we
will see it counts for 15 20% of the
peers in US then 10 years the gap
disappear
>> and sometimes even we surpass them right
and when I cover internet the same case
5% of the market cap and then in 2016
catch up
>> right so the reason is we have similar
GDP size So why our total market cap can
only be 10% of the peers? So it's it's
not the case. So it's just because our
development stage is different. Just
like 20 years ago.
>> Yeah.
>> When you when you look at the US tech
stocks, they're not ranked as as
>> where can that market cap be then? You
think
>> 20 years?
>> Yeah.
>> We actually did a research.
>> Oh,
>> every 10 years.
>> Yeah.
>> Rank the top 100 stocks. see which
sectors they are in.
>> Okay.
>> 20 years ago, nothing of this today's
top like
>> tech names is is there. No one.
>> It's great stuff. Uh how it's great to
have you come back please. So that was
half there. Chief strategist and head of
research at BOC International. We got
plenty more ahead. This is Bloomberg.
Well, Brocom CEO says a company he
created using acquisitions now sees
dealmaking as a distraction. We spoke
exclusively to Hawk 10 at the Bloomberg
Tech Conference in San Francisco and
asked him where the AI boom means
there's no longer any need to use M&A
for growth.
>> And it's an interesting question. It's a
very valid question because it crossed
my mind and that on my board
uh on an ongoing basis not regularly as
do we do M&A. So I'll be very flip and
give you a straight answer. In the last
two years, between 24 and 26 this year,
I would be doubling my revenues. I would
create over $50 billion per year
annualized on revenue. I'm looking
around what can I buy? They even come
close to that. And that's the tricky
part. I mean it's a distraction. All
M&As are distraction to acquire go to
regulators a further distraction to
integrate another year. Meanwhile,
organically, this phenomenon
we call generative AI and our ability to
ship uh shape them picks and shovels the
compute capacity into this demand which
is almost insatiable
makes it very hard to choose M&A over
focusing and succeeding in generative AI
compute. Is there any area where you
think you might want to sort of make an
exception to this? Whether it's maybe
photonics, just to name one area.
>> Photonics or you mean optics?
>> I'm just throwing out anything.
>> Yeah,
>> we ran a business. I ran a business
model 20 years. I tried to very hard. I
know. Try to avoid bright shiny objects.
All right. Um I uh I I want to ask you
uh some of the same questions that I've
asked some of the other um uh keynote
speakers about um you know when you look
at the price sensitivity around token
usage and the price sensitivity around
you know when businesses are making pri
prioritizing spending on this. we've
seen a lot of companies start to kind of
cut back on throttling use of tokens
etc. As you as we talked about earlier,
um we've also seen indications that
certain Chinese large language models
are starting to gain a lot of traction,
particularly given how efficient they
can run, whether it's deep sea, the list
go, Alibaba, Quen. Um are you seeing
that at all from your vantage point?
I from my what I've heard I can't say
we're doing it here in Broadcom but what
I've heard a lot of and I assume you
hear from the same source a lot of
company leaders
CIOS of companies talking about hey you
know we're trying to find ways to reduce
token cost and all that
>> and maybe they are ahead of the game
where we are but my sense of enterprise
cons uh usage of AI. We're still at the
early innings of this game
and I think we're still trying to learn
what we can get out of this phenomenal
tool that we uh have created and
continue to enhance and improve with
each succeeding generation.
So from my personal viewpoint, as I said
earlier and from the experience running
at Broadcom, yeah, I don't want my guys
to go nuts over spending on tokens. But
on the other side, if you can create
value out of it,
it's and that you have a return and
investment that you otherwise could not.
>> Yeah.
>> Why stop?
So that was Broadcom CEO Hawktan
speaking exclusively to Tom Giles there
at the Bloomer Tech Summit. Uh
interesting enough before that
conversation, right, we did see the
Broadcom stock actually fall some double
digits. So I think it was like about 12
to 13% overnight here. So that's really
kind of playing out on some of these
chip plays across the region here. SKH
Highix is down some five. Samsung's down
two. Tokyo Electron seeing more pain
here of 6% downside. So uh that
continues on here today of course and
and we're also seeing a bit more
rotation uh back into some of even the
China tech plays like some of the big
sort of uh hyperscalers are actually
doing better but then look at what we're
doing seeing when it comes to some of
these AI pure plays. Some of the winners
before now seem to be continuing on and
seeing a bit of an unwind here. So
Miniaax is down 8 and a half. Drupu is
down close to 7 and Lenovo is also
seeing downside about close to 5% here
today. HST is mostly lower here today.
They were down 8/10en of 1%. So we'll
have much more coming up. This is
Bloomberg.
We are looking at Japan markets now as
we countd down to that lunch break at
11:29 in Tokyo here right now. So we are
seeing still some sell off there in
Tokyo. We're down about 1% on the nicay
topics is a bit flat here this morning
but dollar yen still a little bit on
intervention watch here as well as we
still hover around that 160 level. We
did get that wheel rage data coming
through from Japan which did rise for a
fourth month. So that does back of
course some of these hike bets from the
BOJ as well. Um but that's not really
changing with the trajectory of the yen
at this point here. But yes, that's the
latest when it comes to Japan. Asian
markets are doing this here across the
region today. We are seeing of course uh
the selloff, but I think it looks like
we come off a little bit on some of
these North Asia uh benchmarks as well,
but we are still seeing downside about
9/10 of 1%. US futures are are a little
bit deeper into the red here uh and
really unusual at least during this time
of the day in the Asia session. But
yeah, you're seeing most sectors are in
the red here this morning and it really
is the chip side of things and what
we're seeing in infoch which is down
some 2% uh there on the very left side
of your screen. Uh and the financials is
one thing to watch out for as well. So
we did see in terms of the cyclicals in
the US, we're actually doing better
against this sort of tech selloff but
not the financials that you're seeing in
in Hong Kong, right? So these concerns
about uh crossber curbs and what this
could mean for wealthy mainland
investors of them opening Hong Kong
accounts and and investing overseas. Uh
there were some reports of some banks
suspending some of those accounts but
certainly uh when we talked to the
analysts out there that the sales side
at least says things might look a bit
oversold or overblown right now those
concerns but then again you're seeing a
second day of pretty heavy losses across
some of these banking stocks. stand
charts down some 3% or more credential
is close to 5% losses here in the
insurance space. So uh you know aside
from tech, aside from energy of course
and aside from the financial side of
things uh we also have to talk about
property right in the mainland has been
among uh when it comes to bright spots I
guess you could say relatively speaking
but then again you know we've been
talking about the consumption side of
things um is still struggling but we're
seeing maybe some green shoots right as
as what analysts are saying Goldman Sach
says the rally in property stocks does
suggest that you know this price there
is some sort of broader recovery and
they're starting to price that in.
That's opposed to the bank's baseline
view that Shanghai and Shenzhen will
lead an inflection in the sector. Let's
head to uh Ewang, head of China real
estate research at Goldman. So yeah,
we're starting to see a little bit of I
guess a nent recovery particularly from
the first tier cities here. What do you
think the market is pricing in right
now?
Yeah, I think um after um you know uh
quite strong rally uh in the past two
months since we put out our report um uh
we feel that uh somehow the markets
already uh go beyond the um the
expectation that the tier was just a
tier one cities uh recovery. So we did
the second round of scenario analysis by
including um um tier two strong tier 2
cities into our optimistic scenario in
terms of a property price uh increase
similar as Shanghai and Shenzhen uh
before the end of uh 2028 by 15%. And
our scenario analysis suggests that the
uh market based on the current rally
market probably already uh pricing about
the 15 to city uh 17 cities price
increase um from uh just you know uh 28
cash profit uh creation for developers
perspective. But of course that with
that scenario um you know given the
significancy of these 17 cities in terms
of contribution to GDP 1/3 contribution
to retail sales one/3 and a contribution
to property sales more than half uh we
think that there could be further
valuation multiple expansion um if you
know these 70 cities or 15 70 cities
price increase materialize.
um walk us I mean you talked about the
15 cities it's interesting right I mean
we really have seen it in just Shanghai
and Shenzhen what are you seeing in some
of the mass market recovery now are
there indicators that you're seeing that
maybe this recovery is underway there
too
>> yeah actually uh according to MBS April
data um apart from Shanghai Shenzhen and
al also the other tier one cities uh we
actually had 12 cities um property price
had a consecutive uh two months of uh uh
month of a month increase already.
Shanghai obviously stand out with the
three months uh price increase already
but you pointed out right that the
people still worry about the whether
we're going to see mid-tier housing
market improvement uh even in tier one
cities given we sort of still in kind of
a K-shape uh recovery that in Shanghai
particular or Shenzhen as well that we
saw uh lower end market uh price started
to increase supported by um quite high
rental yield there. Uh at the meantime,
we also see high in the market stay very
strong across big cities, not just
Shanghai, but Shenzhen, Ho, you know,
Shujo, etc. That's also the reason why
we do second round of scenario analysis.
But I guess that um one thing we look
very closely right now is what the
government or state council just
announced this 15 five-year plan for
urban renewal program and our estimate
that will bring uh incremental four to
five trillion new investment through
through this program versus last five
years. And this four to five trillion in
our view is not small amount even
compared with the shandy town
redevelopment program back in 2015 to
2019 where we're talking about 6
trillion incremental investment. Given
property FAI right now is a lot even
lower than 2014 level. This four to five
trillion new investment probably will
bring us back the tra job opportunities
in the traditional industries. I
creating more traditional jobs that help
the mid yeah mid tier cities mid-tier
segment to recover more.
>> It's interesting. We had an analyst a
few weeks ago talk about the the
correlations between Hong Kong's
property market and China's domestic uh
property market as well. Now that we see
signs of recovery here in Hong Kong, I
was going to get your take now that
we're seeing maybe tighter rules on
wealthy mainland people and really how
they shift their cash overseas. I think
a lot of these wealthy Chinese were
actually coming to Hong Kong to snap a
property in the first quarter. Would you
think the regatory tightening that we're
seeing here, does that does that force a
lot of mainland investors to to buy
property domestically? What do you see
that playing out?
>> Yeah, firstly, I think our Hong Kong
property analysis views that the you
know, Hong Kong housing market is a
multi-year housing uh upturn. So he
didn't uh change his bill and his main
argument is that the ready is supported
by the underlying demand and the supply
imbalance as well as a broader positive
policies on housing market. Moreover, um
in his estimate that based on the
legitimate ways of uh FX crossber um uh
money transfer actually um the likely
impact will be relatively concentrated
in the super high-end market, not the
mass market. Um so I guess that's u uh
his argument of course that I think
historically Hong Kong, Shenzhen and
also you know Hong Kong with other top
tier cities in China they have a very
close price relation as we highlight in
the previous reports. U so I guess that
the liquidity possibly could spill over
a little bit more to Shenzhen. Uh
actually Shenzhen is the market so far
compared with Shanghai, we actually see
more upgrade demand um supporting even
mid-tier level of housing market there.
>> Uh your report also talked about what a
potential wealth effect
uh from of course the commercial uh
property sector and and what we're
seeing amongst developers that you could
actually create some sort of wealth
effect and that could boost consumption.
Um and for an investor, how do you
position around this sort of consumption
theme which has largely underperformed
the market now?
Yeah, of course we're talking about
still a scenario analysis in terms of
these 15 17 cities recovery, but given
the importance of these high tier cities
and given the delta ch negative delta
change on the consumption side mainly
concentrated in these high tier cities
um the the price recovery in these
cities obviously uh will have um implic
positive implication to the retail sales
there. Our uh analysis did show that uh
uh historically especially in 14 15
cycle the retail sales of the rental
price lagging behind the property price
uh stabilization by about six months.
Similar evidence can also be seen in
Hong Kong market already. So we believe
the recovery a biggest you know a
broader recovery of housing price in
China big cities will bring uh
consumption of wealth upside uh to the
market
>> we're going to leave it there thank you
so much there head of China real estate
research at Goldman Sachs joining us
from Shanghai this morning here's a look
at how Asian markets are doing as we
head into that break here and we
continue to see downside when it comes
to some of these Asian markets here
today uh Hangen is down about 610 of 1%
% uh but it really continues to be pain
uh in soul here. Cosby down uh 3% but
off some of the initial lows. This is
Bloomberg.
Here are some of the corporate stories
we're following for you today. Bloomberg
has learned that Jane Street is planning
to build and finance its own data center
to keep up with growing demand for
computing power. Sources say the
marketmaking firm is talking to
companies in the technology, crypto, and
finance industries about building a
facility. Talks are still in the early
stages, and the exact capacity and
location of the data center are yet to
be determined. Bloomberg's been told
that Airbnb CEO Brian Chesy is starting
an AI lab. Our sources say Chesy is in
the early stages of funding the new
venture and plans to focus on user
interaction and design. Unlike online
travel rivals Expedia and Booking,
Airbnb has not partnered with OpenAI to
create a plug-in and Chesy has said Chat
GBT's tools are not robust enough.
Now, a partner at one of the early
investors in Space X says he's learned
never to bet against Elon Musk. Trey
Stevens runs defense tech startup
Andreal Industries but is also a partner
at Peter Teal's VC firm Founders Fund.
He spoke to us exclusively at the
Bloomberg Tech Summit in San Francisco.
>> We all have very different opinions on
every portfolio company. Uh we are a
very debate driven culture. Uh I think
SpaceX is kind of a unique encapsulation
and a microcosm of the way that founders
fund works because we invested very
early uh like around flight two okay
2008 or some it was way before my time
like six or seven years before I joined
the fund. Um and at that time obviously
it would have been crazy to think about
like you know the the Starlink as a part
of the business and even when we made
this the you know the Starlink era bets
in SpaceX it would have been very
difficult to imagine how AI would have
impacted you know data centers in space
and all these other things that are
going on. And so now, you know, you look
at SpaceX and you're thinking like, wow,
like what what is Elon and his in and
the team working on pertaining to like
getting humanity to being a Carterv type
2 civilization? These are weren't the
questions we were asking when we made
the original investment where it was
like, can we get a rocket into space?
Very different companies at that point.
>> So you have to like refresh in real time
as the thesis refreshes. I mean, how
much does the venture capital industry
need this this IPO? I think what's
interesting about the the founders fund
investment is not just how early it was,
but it it when it continued, it was
across several funds. You know, it's a
big uh moment for the LPs as well, you
know, how much are they kind of banking
on this and wait have been waiting on
this?
>> Well, yeah, we have we have SpaceX
investment in almost every fund both
across our venture funds and our growth
funds. So there's a ton of exposure for
LPs that were with us since the very
beginning and even the ones that joined
us very recently. Um I think you know
the the core lesson that everyone has
learned from this experience is never
bet against Elon. It's just a bad idea.
Um, and you know, I think getting the
opportunity for people to see liquidity
that they've been hanging on to for 18
plus years, uh, is a is a tremendous
opportunity to see some of those gains
and also reinvest those in, you know,
what whatever the next SpaceX is going
to be.
>> That was Andreal Industries co-founder
and executive chairman Trey Stevens
speaking at the Bloomberg Tech Summit in
San Francisco. And of course, you can
rewatch that interview on the Bloomberg
video hub. Subscribers can explore live
streaming, news, and interviews. All of
our Bloomberg TV shows, documentaries,
reporter analysis, and more. Check out
at boomberg.comvideos.
Well, New York City in a frenzy after
the Knicks came from behind win in the
first game of the NBA Finals. The city's
transit authority has painted subway
stops in Knicks colors and Mayor Zoran
Mandani signed an executive order
temporarily lifting children's bedtime
hours. Yes, you can party all night.
Team's first finals appearance in 27
years. Game two is, of course, Friday
night in San Antonio before the series
shifts back to New York on Monday. And
we just got that confirmation. And
President Trump says he will be at
Madison Square Garden for that match. Uh
that game I should say. Staying with
basketball and of course the big news
that we got this week was NBA superstar
Steph Curry's deal with Lee Ning. One of
the biggest ever between a basketball
great and a Chinese brand. Let's bring
in our Bloomberg opinion columnist
Juliana Leo. She says that Curry has
really the capacity and the fame and
everything to take leaning global. She
joins us now. What do we know about this
deal that it's kind of vague on details,
but how is this all going to play out?
totally vague on details, Ivonne. Um, a
lot of vibes though. I don't know if you
watched the IG video um that that Curry
dropped. Um, there was also a social
media post from Leaning. So, what it
looks like it's two kind of sports
superstars getting together in a very
strategic kind of deal. We don't have a
lot of details. Um, what Steven has
said, um, is that it will involve
basketball shoes of course, but also
golf. He's quite an avid golfer. Um and
also lifestyle. So that means u athletic
wear that you wouldn't necessarily wear
on the court when you're playing that
you would wear in daily life or even you
know these days to the office.
>> Athleisure, right?
>> I love it. I could wear that all day
even on this show if I could. Um and you
talk about the number. I mean there's
some numbers coming. I think ESPN said
it's a 10-year partnership that 400
million.
>> So that's really all the detail that we
have. Um ESPN says it's uh 400 million
over 10 years. breaks down to 40 million
a year. Chinese uh Chinese media
initially had a slightly lower number,
but I think ESPN should be quite legit.
>> So at that level, that's roughly double
what he was getting at Under Armour.
>> And if you break down further into kind
of Leaning's contribution, um you know,
a lot of analysts think that the 40
million is actually undershoots. Oh, did
I just make that bounce?
>> I like it. It's perfect.
>> The the actual the actual cost. Um, if
you if you add in other things like
marketing, right, we know marketing is
always very expensive. If they set up
stores or outlets in China overseas,
that's all going to add up to more. It
could cost leaning the company, not the
person, although they are very closely
intertwined.
>> The gymnast in the 60 million, right? 60
million a year. And at that rate, the
estimate is that um Curry is going to
have to move 3 million pairs of shoes.
>> Wow.
>> Uh a year. And again just for comparison
and to steal with Klay Thompson,
>> yes,
>> that was about a million a year over the
last 10 plus years, right? So you see
the scale that he would have to move.
>> Wow.
>> It is enormous. And of course we know
that the Chinese market, retail in
general is not growing super fast. Sport
is doing quite well.
>> Yeah.
>> Um and the bet is that he will be able
to really, you know, energize electrify
the fan base
>> um both in China and of course overseas.
How much is this dependent on whether
you know the NBA they're playing again
in China?
>> Yes. So they they are starting to right
in Macau. That's true.
>> Yeah. They um uh you know I went to that
I think a lot of us went to that. It was
really fun and they plan to be back in
Macau later this year for preseason
games. So the big Texas the big two big
Texas teams. Uh, and yeah, I mean, but
but even when that relationship was kind
of not at its best, players like Curry
and others were regularly traveling to
China because there's enormous demand
and every time they go this pandemonium
>> um because there's so much interest and
so many fans in China and and so much
buying, you know, of their of their of
their gear, um, their shoes. Um, so that
relationship looks to be pretty stable.
It's not what it was previously uh when
the NBA were playing in Shanghai and
other mainland Chinese cities.
>> Um but it looks to be quite a stable
relationship and and um I don't think
the two would have you know signed a
deal like this if that weren't the case.
>> Is is leaning looking more than just
Curry? I mean are there are there other
athletes that they're they're eyeing
right now? You think?
>> Yeah, I think this is the big signature
marquee sign and he instantly becomes
their biggest star.
>> Leaning himself of course was quite a
big star but that was quite a long time
ago, right? He's kind of remembered for
what he did for China back in the 80s
and he did a lot. But now, you know, for
the last 30 years, almost 40 years, he's
been mainly a businessman. So, Curry is
his biggest star.
>> Yeah.
>> And this deal does allow him to sign
other uh players. So, what I've argued
is that that's what he, you know,
obviously he's got his own enormous
celebrity. He's the greatest
>> shooter in NBA in NBA history, but he
also, I think, needs to be signing other
people.
>> Yeah. And he failed to do so with Kay
Clark.
>> Yeah. He didn't he didn't you know um
the reporting was that he was really
trying to get he was very disappointed
when that didn't happen. She went to
Nike but I think that might really fire
him up to try to make this deal work
with leaning and work with his new home.
>> Very interesting. Uh Julian is great to
have you. Thank you. Our Bloomberg
opinion columnist Julian Leo about
really how Curry can take leaning
global. Make sure to check out her
column today. In terms of markets, this
is what we're looking at here. Yeah,
undershooting I guess as as Julia has
said. uh when it comes to this whole AI
trade, right? So, we are seeing a bit of
unwind there. Skin is continuing to see
a lot of pressure. We're down some 6%.
Uh Samsung's down some four as well. So,
that is setting some shivers across uh
parts of this AI trade here. And even
some of the AI plays in China, right?
When you talk about Minia Max, Jupu,
Lenovo, these are the ones that really
outperformed of late and really being
the likes of of course the the big eight
in China, right? So, uh, Lenovo's down
even some 4% and Miniaax has been
driving that charge. We're down about 9%
for that stock as well. Uh, consumption
names in China is in focus. Obviously,
we've been talking a lot about, uh, the
wealth effect from property and the like
here. There is that rotation, right? So,
if tech is selling off, maybe it's time
to tilt to some of these underperforming
sort of sectors like consumption. So,
uh, Chaoai Folk, for example, is up
closer to uh, Jungai Holdings that's up
some 10% here right now. Uh, and the
financials too are not looking too good,
right? I mean you look at what's going
on with some of these banks listed in
Hong Kong HSBC stand chart and the
insurers as well. We're seeing a second
day of fallout here on concerns about
these crossber curbs and what this could
mean for some of the banks and mainland
you know wealth wealthy investors coming
to Hong Kong to open and set up bank
accounts here and you know potentially
also coming to Hong Kong to buy
insurance products right so that's why
you are seeing the the lending the
lenders as well as some of the insurers
uh continuing for another day to see
declines here today uh that brings us of
course to what goes on the broader
discussion about macro risks and the
like here whether it's you know the
inflation numbers that we got of the
Philippines earlier here uh was a softer
print. Uh but then again RBI is coming
up next and they are feeling similar
effects here when it comes to this
energy crisis. Uh and really how RBI is
going to respond to that and of course
weakening currencies right the rupee is
still hovering around that 95 96
handles. So how the governor and and you
know the RBI is going to address of
course uh this dollar strength and
weakness in uh EMFX is really going to
be quite telling here. Uh but yes
inflation is still below 4%. So perhaps
in this meeting uh they are likely
possibly going to hold as well. At least
that's what the consensus is expecting
here today. But then again right
inflation concerns remain of very very
pronounced here across EMFX uh today. So
Indonesia certainly is one thing.
Although Indonesia is looking a little
bit better here today as well, of
course. And as we countd down to next
week, we talked about Bloomberg Invest
that's happening here in Hong Kong. We
have a special episode ahead of that on
the China show next week. You see there
we have cross collaboration. We have
hosts of the hit Bloomberg podcast, Odd
Lots, right? Joe Weisenthal and Tracy
Aloway will join me and Stephen Angel
for that special episode on the China
Show on Monday at 9:00 a.m. They're
pretty stoked. We're going to talk all
things China, what they're going to talk
about during the conference as well. Our
team is going to be at Blueberry Invest
Hong Kong as well. That's happening
later on next week. We're hearing a
plethora of guests there. That's it for
us here at the China Show. Have a great
weekend.